data/README.md, before:

# Usage

DemiMUD currently has no areas of its own, but it understands the area data
format of Dawn of Time ([repo](https://github.com/mudhistoricalsociety/dawnoftime_1.69r))
and the socials.txt format of Ultra-Envy ([repo](https://github.com/DikuMUDOmnibus/Ultra-Envy)).

The parsers were written from scratch without looking at the original code,
and are thus not affected by its license; however, the data itself is. If you
download it, please make sure you respect their license.

# Download

To download the data files, either run ./setup.sh (or ./setup.bat on Windows)
or follow the steps inside it manually.

# License

The files in the data directory that come from DemiMUD are public domain.

However, if you run ./setup.sh, it will download copyrighted material.

Please check the respective licenses from their Git repositories before
distributing them, and make sure your MUD outputs their respective license
notices whenever someone connects to the MUD.

The repositores are at:
* https://github.com/mudhistoricalsociety/dawnoftime_1.69r
* https://github.com/DikuMUDOmnibus/Ultra-Envy

Commit message:

work a bit on the install of area files

data/README.md, after:

# Usage

DemiMUD currently has no areas of its own, but it understands the area data
format of Dawn of Time ([repo](https://github.com/mudhistoricalsociety/dawnoftime_1.69r))
and the socials.txt format of Ultra-Envy ([repo](https://github.com/DikuMUDOmnibus/Ultra-Envy)).

The parsers were written from scratch without looking at the original code,
and are thus not affected by its license; however, the data itself is. If you
download it, please make sure you respect their license.

# Download

To download the data files, either run ./setup.sh (or ./setup.bat on Windows)
or follow the steps inside it manually.

Note that if you go this route you will probably have to change the path in the world.rs or the 
state.rs file, so that the files will get picked up for parsing. 

# License

The files in the data directory that come from DemiMUD are public domain.

However, if you run ./setup.sh, it will download copyrighted material.

Please check the respective licenses from their Git repositories before
distributing them, and make sure your MUD outputs their respective license
notices whenever someone connects to the MUD.

The repositores are at:
* https://github.com/mudhistoricalsociety/dawnoftime_1.69r
* https://github.com/DikuMUDOmnibus/Ultra-Envy
